A cyclin D1/microRNA 17/20 regulatory feedback loop in control of breast cancer cell proliferation.
A functional polymorphism in the miR-146a gene and age of familial breast/ovarian cancer diagnosis.
A functional polymorphism in the miR-146a gene is associated with the risk for hepatocellular carcinoma.
A functional screen identifies miR-34a as a candidate Neuroblastoma tumor suppressor gene.
A genetic screen implicates miRNA-372 and miRNA-373 as oncogenes in testicular germ cell tumors.
A microRNA expression ratio defining the invasive phenotype in bladder tumors.
A microRNA expression signature of human solid tumors defines cancer gene targets.
A microRNA polycistron as a potential human oncogene.
A MicroRNA signature associated with prognosis and progression in chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
A micro-RNA signature associated with race, tumor size, and target gene activity in human uterine leiomyomas.
A miR-200 microRNA cluster as prognostic marker in advanced ovarian cancer.
A pleiotropically acting microRNA, miR-31, inhibits breast cancer metastasis.
A polycistronic microRNA cluster, miR-17-92, is overexpressed in human lung cancers and enhances cell proliferation.
A reciprocal repression between ZEB1 and members of the miR-200 family promotes EMT and invasion in cancer cells.
A risk variant in an miR-125b binding site in BMPR1B is associated with breast cancer pathogenesis
A SNP in a let-7 microRNA complementary site in the KRAS 3' untranslated region increases non-small cell lung cancer risk.
Abnormal microRNA-16 locus with synteny to human 13q14 linked to CLL in NZB mice.
Accumulation of miR-155 and BIC RNA in human B cell lymphomas.
Alteration of microRNA expression in vinyl-carbamate-induced mouse lung tumors and modulation by the chemopreventive agent indole-3-carbinol
Altered expression of miR-21, miR-31, miR-143 and miR-145 is related to clinicopathologic features of Colorectal Neoplasms.
Altered MicroRNA expression confined to specific epithelial cell subpopulations in breast cancer.
Altered miRNA expression in sputum for diagnosis of non-small cell lung cancer.
An androgen-regulated miRNA suppresses Bak1 expression and induces androgen-independent growth of prostate cancer cells.
Analysis of microRNAs in pancreatic fine-needle aspirates can classify benign and malignant tissues.
Antagomir-17-5p abolishes the growth of therapy-resistant Neuroblastoma through p21 and BIM.
Antiproliferative effects by Let-7 repression of high-mobility group A2 in uterine leiomyoma.
Antisense Inhibition of microRNA-21 or -221 Arrests Cell Cycle, Induces Apoptosis, and Sensitizes the Effects of Gemcitabine in Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma
Apoptosis induction by antisense oligonucleotides against miR-17-5p and miR-20a in lung cancers overexpressing miR-17-92.
Association between High miR-211 microRNA Expression and the Poor Prognosis of Oral Carcinoma.
Association of inflammation-related and microRNA gene expression with cancer-specific mortality of colon adenocarcinoma
Association of MicroRNA-196a-2 Gene Polymorphism with Gastric Cancer Risk in a Chinese Population
Augmentation of tumor angiogenesis by a Myc-activated microRNA cluster.
B cell differentiation in EBV-positive Burkitt Lymphoma is impaired at post-transcriptional level by miRNA altered expression.
Bead-based microarray analysis of microRNA expression in hepatocellular carcinoma: miR-338 is downregulated.
BIC and miR-155 are highly expressed in Hodgkin, primary mediastinal and diffuse large B cell lymphomas.
CDKN2A, NF2, and JUN are dysregulated among other genes by miRNAs in malignant mesothelioma -A miRNA microarray analysis.
Change in expression of miR-let7c, miR-100, and miR-218 from high grade localized prostate cancer to metastasis.
Characterization of global microRNA expression reveals oncogenic potential of miR-145 in metastatic Colorectal Neoplasms
Cholesteatoma Growth and Proliferation: Posttranscriptional Regulation by MicroRNA-21.
Chromatin remodeling at Alu repeats by epigenetic treatment activates silenced microRNA-512-5p with downregulation of Mcl-1 in human gastric cancer cells.
Clin Cancer Res. 2009 Apr 15;15(8):2850-5. Epub 2009 Apr 7.
Clinical significance of high mobility group A2 in human gastric cancer and its relationship to let-7 microRNA family.
Commentary on Genomic loss of microRNA-101 leads to overexpression of histone methyltransferase EZH2 in cancer 
Comprehensive analysis of microRNA expression patterns in hepatocellular carcinoma and non-tumorous tissues.
Concerted microRNA control of Hedgehog signalling in cerebellar neuronal progenitor and tumour cells.
Concomitant suppression of three target genes can explain the impact of a microRNA on metastasis
Contextual extracellular cues promote tumor cell EMT and metastasis by regulating miR-200 family expression
Coordinate Regulation of FOXO1 by miR-27a, miR-96, and miR-182 in Breast Cancer Cells.
Coordinate suppression of ERBB2 and ERBB3 by enforced expression of micro-RNA miR-125a or miR-125b.
Co-suppression of miR-221/222 cluster suppresses human Glioma cell growth by targeting p27kip1 in vitro and in vivo.
Counterbalance between RB inactivation and miR-17-92 overexpression in reactive oxygen species and DNA damage induction in lung cancers.
CpG island hypermethylation of tumor suppressor microRNAs in human cancer.
Cyclin G1 is a target of miR-122a, a microRNA frequently down-regulated in human hepatocellular carcinoma.
Decreased Expression of MicroRNA-143 and -145 in Human Gastric Cancers.
Decreased expression of miR-125b and miR-100 in oral cancer cells contributes to malignancy.
Deregulated expression of miR-106a predicts survival in human colon cancer patients.
Detection of elevated levels of tumour-associated microRNAs in serum of patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
Detection of let-7a microRNA by real-time PCR in Colorectal Neoplasms: a single-centre experience from China.
Detection of let-7a microRNA by real-time PCR in gastric carcinoma.
Detection of metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma using the relative  expression of tissue-specific mir-205.
Detection of miR-106a in gastric carcinoma and its clinical significance.
Diagnostic and prognostic implications of microRNA profiling in prostate carcinoma.
Diagnostic and prognostic microRNAs in stage II colon cancer.
Differential expression of microRNA species in human uterine leiomyoma versus normal myometrium.
Differential expression profiles of microRNAs between breast cancer cells and mammary epithelial cells.
Differential expression profiling of microRNAs and their potential involvement in renal cell carcinoma pathogenesis.
Differential MicroRNA-34a Expression and Tumor Suppressor Function in Retinoblastoma Cells.
Differential patterns of microRNA expression in Neuroblastoma are correlated with prognosis, differentiation, and apoptosis.
Differentially regulated micro-RNAs and actively translated messenger RNA transcripts by tumor suppressor p53 in colon cancer.
Direct regulation of an oncogenic micro-RNA cluster by E2F transcription factors.
Disrupting the pairing between let-7 and Hmga2 enhances oncogenic transformation.
Distinct microRNA alterations characterize high- and low-grade bladder cancer
Distinct microRNA expression profiles in acute myeloid leukemia with common translocations.
Distinctive microRNA profiles relating to patient survival in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Distinctive microRNA signature of acute myeloid leukemia bearing cytoplasmic mutated nucleophosmin.
Distinctive patterns of microRNA expression associated with karyotype in acute myeloid leukaemia.
Down-regulated microRNA-200a in Meningiomas Promotes Tumor Growth by Reducing E-cadherin and Activating the Wnt/{beta} catenin Signaling Pathway.
Down-regulation of hsa-miR-10a in chronic myeloid leukemia CD34+ cells increases  USF2-mediated cell growth.
Downregulation of microRNA-1 (miR-1) in lung cancer: Suppression of tumorigenic property of lung cancer cells and their sensitization to doxorubicin induced apoptosis bymiR-1.
Downregulation of microRNAs-143 and -145 in B-cell malignancies.
Downregulation of miR-122 in the rodent and human hepatocellular carcinomas.
Downregulation of miR-138 is associated with overexpression of human telomerase reverse transcriptase protein in human anaplastic thyroid carcinoma cell lines.
Down-regulation of miR-141 in gastric cancer and its involvement in cell growth.
Downregulation of miR-193b contributes to enhance urokinase-type plasminogen activator (uPA) expression and tumor progression and invasion in human breast
Down-regulation of miR-92 in human plasma is a novel marker for acute leukemia patients.
Downregulation of miRNA-200c links breast cancer stem cells with normal stem cells.
Down-regulation of the microRNAs miR-34a, miR-127, and miR-200b in rat liver during hepatocarcinogenesis induced by a methyl-deficient diet.
Down-regulations of B-cell lymphoma 2 (Bcl-2) and myeloid cell leukemia sequence 1 (Mcl-1) by MicroRNA 153 induce apoptosis in a glioblastoma cell line DBTRG-05MG.
E2F1-regulated microRNAs impair TGFbeta-dependent cell-cycle arrest and apoptosis in gastric cancer.
E-cadherin transcriptional down-regulation by epigenetic and microRNA-200 family alterations is related to mesenchymal and drug-resistant phenotypes in human breast cancer cells.
Ectopic expression of miR-126*, an intronic product of the vascular endothelial EGF-like 7 gene, regulates prostein translation and invasiveness of prostate cancer LNCaP cells.
Effects of miR-34a on cell growth and chemoresistance in prostate cancer PC3 cells.
EGFR regulation by microRNA in lung cancer: correlation with clinical response and survival to gefitinib and EGFR expression in cell lines.
Elevated expression of microRNAs 155, 203, 210 and 222 in pancreatic tumours associates with poorer survival.
Elevated expression of the miR-17-92 polycistron and miR-21 in hepadnavirus-associated hepatocellular carcinoma contributes to the malignant phenotype.
Emerging role for microRNAs in acute promyelocytic leukemia.
Endogenous human microRNAs that suppress breast cancer metastasis.
Epidermal growth factor receptor-regulated miR-125a-5p - a metastatic inhibitor
Epigallocatechin gallate up-regulation of miR-16 and induction of apoptosis in
Epigenetic inactivation of microRNA gene hsa-mir-9-1 in human breast cancer.
Epigenetic inactivation of microRNA genes in mammary carcinoma.
Epigenetic regulation of microRNA expression in Colorectal Neoplasms.
Epigenetic regulation of microRNA-370 by interleukin-6 in malignant human cholangiocytes.
Epigenetic silencing of MicroRNA miR-107 regulates cyclin-dependent kinase 6 expression in Pancreatic Neoplasms.
Epigenetic silencing of microRNA-34b/c and B-cell translocation gene 4 is associated with CpG island methylation in Colorectal Neoplasms.
Epigenetic silencing of the intronic microRNA hsa-miR-342 and its host gene EVL in Colorectal Neoplasms.
Epigenetic silencing of the myelopoiesis regulator microRNA-223 by the AML1/ETO oncoprotein.
Epigenetic silencing of the tumor suppressor microRNA Hsa-miR-124a regulates CDK6 expression and confers a poor prognosis in acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Exploration of tumor-suppressive microRNAs silenced by DNA hypermethylation in oral cancer.
Expression of microRNA-146 suppresses NF-kappaB activity with reduction of metastatic potential in breast cancer cells.
Expression of microRNA-221 is progressively reduced in aggressive prostate cancer and metastasis and predicts clinical recurrence.
Expression of microRNAs and protein-coding genes associated with perineural invasion in prostate cancer.
Expression of the miR-17-92 polycistron in Leukemia, Myeloid, Chronic-Phase CD34+ cells.
Expression profiling identifies microRNA signature in Pancreatic Neoplasms.
Extensive modulation of a set of microRNAs in primary glioblastoma.
Four miRNAs associated with aggressiveness of lymph node-negative, estrogen receptor-positive human breast cancer.
Frequent deletions and down-regulation of micro-RNA genes miR15 and miR16 at 13q14 in chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Functional links between clustered microRNAs: suppression of cell-cycle inhibitors by microRNA clusters in gastric cancer.
Gene silencing of MIR22 in acute lymphoblastic leukaemia involves histone modifications independent of promoter DNA methylation
Genetic and epigenetic silencing of microRNA-203 enhances ABL1 and BCR-ABL1 oncogene expression.
Genetic unmasking of an epigenetically silenced microRNA in human cancer cells.
Genome-wide microRNA expression profiling in renal cell carcinoma: significant down-regulation of miR-141 and miR-200c.
Genomic and epigenetic alterations deregulate microRNA expression in human epithelial ovarian cancer.
Genomic loss of microRNA-101 leads to overexpression of histone methyltransferase EZH2 in cancer.
Genomic profiling of microRNAs in bladder cancer: miR-129 is associated with poor outcome and promotes cell death in vitro.
Germline mutation of microRNA-125a is associated with breast cancer.
High expression of precursor microRNA-155/BIC RNA in children with Burkitt lymphoma.
High miR-196a levels promote the oncogenic phenotype of Colorectal Neoplasms cells.
High miR-21 expression in breast cancer associated with poor disease-free survival in early stage disease and high TGF-beta1.
High mobility group A2 is a target for miRNA-98 in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.
High-throughput microRNAome analysis in human germ cell tumours.
Homozygous deletion scanning of the lung cancer genome at a 100-kb resolution.
hsa-mir-181a and hsa-mir-181b function as tumor suppressors in human Glioma cells.
hsa-miR-210 Is induced by hypoxia and is an independent prognostic factor in breast cancer.
Hypermethylation of let-7a-3 in epithelial ovarian cancer is associated with low insulin-like growth factor-II expression and favorable prognosis.
Hypoxia-inducible mir-210 regulates normoxic gene expression involved in tumor initiation
Identification and Functional Characterization of microRNAs Involved in the Malignant Progression of Gliomas
Identification by Real-time PCR of 13 mature microRNAs differentially expressed in Colorectal Neoplasms and non-tumoral tissues.
Identification of a microRNA signature associated with progression of leukoplakia to oral carcinoma.
Identification of metastasis-related microRNAs in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Identification of microRNA-181 by genome-wide screening as a critical player in EpCAM-positive hepatic cancer stem cells.
Identification of miRNAs associated with tumorigenesis of retinoblastoma by miRNA microarray analysis.
Identification of new microRNA genes and aberrant microRNA profiles in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Identification of novel microRNA targets based on microRNA signatures in bladder cancer.
Identification of pyruvate kinase type M2 as potential oncoprotein in squamous cell carcinoma of tongue through microRNA profiling.
Integrative molecular-bioinformatics study of human adrenocortical tumors: microRNA, tissue specific target prediction and pathway analysis.
Integrin beta(3) expression is regulated by let-7a miRNA in malignant melanoma.
Involvement of human micro-RNA in growth and response to chemotherapy in human Cholangiocarcinoma cell lines.
Involvement of microRNA-451 in resistance of the MCF-7 breast cancer cells to chemotherapeutic drug doxorubicin.
Karyotype specific microRNA signature in chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Lack of BIC and microRNA miR-155 expression in primary cases of Burkitt lymphoma.
Let-7 expression defines two differentiation stages of cancer.
let-7 microRNA functions as a potential growth suppressor in human colon cancer cells.
Let-7 prevents early cancer progression by suppressing expression of the embryonic gene HMGA2.
let-7 regulates self renewal and tumorigenicity of breast cancer cells.
Let-7a elevates p21(WAF1) levels by targeting of NIRF and suppresses the growth of A549 lung cancer cells
Let-7a microRNA functions as a potential tumor suppressor in human laryngeal cancer
Let-7a microRNA suppresses therapeutics-induced cancer cell death by targeting caspase-3.
Locked nucleic acid in situ hybridization analysis of miR-21 expression during Colorectal Neoplasms development.
Loss of miR-122 expression in liver cancer correlates with suppression of the
Loss of mir-146a function in hormone-refractory prostate cancer.
Low-level expression of microRNAs let-7d and miR-205 are prognostic markers of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.
Marked change in microRNA expression during neuronal differentiation of human teratocarcinoma NTera2D1 and mouse embryonal carcinoma P19 cells.
Mechanism of chemoresistance mediated by miR-140 in human osteosarcoma and colon cancer cells
Mechanism of growth inhibition by MicroRNA 145: the role of the IGF-I receptor signaling pathway.
Methylation mediated silencing of MicroRNA-1 gene and its role in hepatocellular carcinogenesis.
Micro RNA 145 targets the insulin receptor substrate-1 and inhibits the growth of colon cancer cells.
Microarray analysis of microRNA expression in renal clear cell carcinoma.
MicroRNA 133B targets pro-survival molecules MCL-1 and BCL2L2 in lung cancer.
MicroRNA 21 promotes Glioma invasion by targeting matrix metalloproteinase regulators.
MicroRNA 29b functions in acute myeloid leukemia
MicroRNA -29b induces global DNA hypomethylation and tumor suppressor gene re-expression in acute myeloid leukemia by targeting directly DNMT3A and 3B and indirectly DNMT1.
MicroRNA 29c is down-regulated in nasopharyngeal carcinomas, up-regulating mRNAs encoding extracellular matrix proteins.
MicroRNA alterations in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.
MicroRNA expression abnormalities in pancreatic endocrine and acinar tumors are associated with distinctive pathologic features and clinical behavior.
MicroRNA expression alterations are linked to tumorigenesis and non-neoplastic processes in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
MicroRNA expression and identification of putative miRNA targets in ovarian cancer.
MicroRNA expression distinguishes between germinal center B cell-like and activated B cell-like subtypes of diffuse large B cell lymphoma.
MicroRNA expression in squamous cell carcinoma and adenocarcinoma of the esophagus: associations with survival
MicroRNA expression patterns to differentiate pancreatic adenocarcinoma from normal pancreas and chronic pancreatitis.
MicroRNA expression profiles associated with prognosis and therapeutic outcome in colon adenocarcinoma.
MicroRNA expression profiles in serous ovarian carcinoma.
MicroRNA expression profiles of Esophageal Neoplasms.
MicroRNA expression profiling in human ovarian cancer: miR-214 induces cell survival and cisplatin resistance by targeting PTEN.
MicroRNA expression profiling in prostate cancer.
MicroRNA expression signatures accurately discriminate acute lymphoblastic leukemia from acute myeloid leukemia.
MicroRNA expression, survival, and response to interferon in liver cancer
MicroRNA gene expression deregulation in human breast cancer.
MicroRNA gene expression during retinoic acid-induced differentiation of human acute promyelocytic leukemia.
MicroRNA let-7a down-regulates MYC and reverts MYC-induced growth in Burkitt lymphoma cells.
MicroRNA let-7b targets important cell cycle molecules in malignant melanoma cells and interferes with anchorage-independent growth.
MicroRNA microarray identifies Let-7i as a novel biomarker and therapeutic target in human epithelial ovarian cancer.
MicroRNA miR-181a correlates with morphological sub-class of acute myeloid leukaemia and the expression of its target genes in global genome-wide analysis.
microRNA miR-196a-2 and breast cancer: a genetic and epigenetic association study and functional analysis.
MicroRNA miR-199a* regulates the MET proto-oncogene and the downstream extracellular signal-regulated kinase 2 (ERK2).
MicroRNA miR-21 overexpression in human breast cancer is associated with advanced clinical stage, lymph node metastasis and patient poor prognosis.
MicroRNA miR-29 modulates expression of immunoinhibitory molecule B7-H3: potential implications for immune based therapy of human solid tumors.
MicroRNA miR-34 inhibits human Pancreatic Neoplasms tumor-initiating cells
MicroRNA profile analysis of human prostate cancers.
MicroRNA profiling in hepatocellular tumors is associated with clinical features and oncogene/tumor suppressor gene mutations.
MicroRNA profiling in human medulloblastoma.
Micro-RNA profiling in kidney and bladder cancers.
MicroRNA profiling reveals distinct signatures in B cell chronic lymphocytic leukemias.
MicroRNA signature predicts survival and relapse in lung cancer.
MicroRNA signatures characterize diffuse large B-cell lymphomas and follicular lymphomas.
MicroRNA signatures in human ovarian cancer.
MicroRNA signatures of TRAIL resistance in human non-small cell lung cancer.
MicroRNA-1/206 targets c-Met and inhibits rhabdomyosarcoma development.
MicroRNA-101 regulates expression of the v-fos FBJ murine osteosarcoma viral oncogene homolog (FOS) oncogene in human hepatocellular carcinoma.
MicroRNA-101, down-regulated in hepatocellular carcinoma, promotes apoptosis and suppresses tumorigenicity.
MicroRNA-10b is overexpressed in malignant Glioma and associated with tumor invasive factors, uPAR and RhoC.
MicroRNA-122 inhibits tumorigenic properties of hepatocellular carcinoma cells and sensitizes these cells to Sorafenib
MicroRNA-122a functions as a novel tumor suppressor downstream of Adenomatous polyposis coli in gastrointestinal cancers.
MicroRNA-125a represses cell growth by targeting HuR in breast cancer
MicroRNA-126 inhibits invasion in non-small cell lung carcinoma cell lines.
MicroRNA-126 regulates HOXA9 by binding to the homeobox.
MicroRNA-128 inhibits Glioma cells proliferation by targeting transcription factor E2F3a.
MicroRNA-138 suppresses invasion and promotes apoptosis in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma cell lines.
MicroRNA-141 Regulates Smad Interacting Protein 1 (SIP1) and Inhibits Migration and Invasion of Colorectal Neoplasms Cells
MicroRNA-143 and -145 in colon cancer.
MicroRNA-143 as a tumor suppressor for bladder cancer.
MicroRNA-143 reduces viability and increases sensitivity to 5-fluorouracil in HCT116 human Colorectal Neoplasms cells
MicroRNA-143 targets DNA methyltransferases 3A in Colorectal Neoplasms.
microRNA-146b inhibits Glioma cell migration and invasion by targeting MMPs.
MicroRNA-155 is regulated by the transforming growth factor beta/Smad pathway and contributes to epithelial cell plasticity by targeting RhoA.
MicroRNA-155 regulates human angiotensin II type 1 receptor expression in fibroblasts.
MicroRNA-15b regulates cell cycle progression by targeting cyclins in Glioma cells.
MicroRNA-15b represents an independent prognostic parameter and is correlated with tumor cell proliferation and apoptosis in malignant melanoma
MicroRNA-17-3p is a prostate tumor suppressor in vitro and in vivo, and is decreased in high grade prostate tumors analyzed by laser capture microdissection
MicroRNA-17-92 downregulates expression of distinct targets in different B-cell lymphoma subtypes.
MicroRNA-183 regulates Ezrin expression in lung cancer cells.
MicroRNA-184 antagonizes microRNA-205 to maintain SHIP2 levels in epithelia.
MicroRNA-195 suppresses tumorigenicity and regulates G(1)/S transition of human hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
MicroRNA-196a is a Potential Marker of Progression during Barrett's Metaplasia-Dysplasia-Invasive Adenocarcinoma Sequence in Esophagus.
MicroRNA-196a targets annexin A1: a microRNA-mediated mechanism of annexin A1 downregulation in cancers.
MicroRNA-199b-5p impairs cancer stem cells through negative regulation of HES1 in medulloblastoma.
MicroRNA-200c mitigates invasiveness and restores sensitivity to microtubule-targeting chemotherapeutic agents.
microRNA-205 regulates HER3 in human breast cancer.
MicroRNA-21 (miR-21) post-transcriptionally downregulates tumor suppressor Pdcd4 and stimulates invasion, intravasation and metastasis in Colorectal Neoplasms.
MicroRNA-21 directly targets MARCKS and promotes apoptosis resistance and invasion in prostate cancer cells.
MicroRNA-21 down-regulates the expression of tumor suppressor PDCD4 in human glioblastoma cell T98G.
MicroRNA-21 is an antiapoptotic factor in human glioblastoma cells.
MicroRNA-21 is overexpressed in Pancreatic Neoplasms and a potential predictor of survival.
MicroRNA-21 knockdown disrupts Glioma growth in vivo and displays synergistic cytotoxicity with neural precursor cell delivered S-TRAIL in human Gliomas.
MicroRNA-21 modulates biological functions of Pancreatic Neoplasms cells including their proliferation, invasion, and chemoresistance.
microRNA-21 negatively regulates Cdc25A and cell cycle progression in colon cancer cells
MicroRNA-21 promotes cell transformation by targeting the programmed cell death 4 gene.
MicroRNA-21 regulates expression of the PTEN tumor suppressor gene in human hepatocellular cancer.
MicroRNA-21 regulates the proliferation and invasion in esophageal squamous cell 
MicroRNA-21 targets a network of key tumor-suppressive pathways in glioblastoma cells.
MicroRNA-21 targets LRRFIP1 and contributes to VM-26 resistance in glioblastoma multiforme.
MicroRNA-21 targets the tumor suppressor gene tropomyosin 1 (TPM1).
MicroRNA-21 targets tumor suppressor genes in invasion and metastasis.
MicroRNA-221 and -222 pathway controls melanoma progression.
MicroRNA-221 silencing predisposed human bladder cancer cells to undergo apoptosis induced by TRAIL
MicroRNA-221 targets Bmf in hepatocellular carcinoma and correlates with tumor multifocality.
MicroRNA-221/222 Confers Tamoxifen Resistance in Breast Cancer by Targeting p27Kip1.
MicroRNA-221/222 Negatively Regulates Estrogen Receptor{alpha} and Is Associated with Tamoxifen Resistance in Breast Cancer.
MicroRNA-222 regulates cell invasion by targeting matrix metalloproteinase 1(MMP1) and manganese superoxide dismutase 2 (SOD2) in tongue squamous cell
MicroRNA-223 is commonly repressed in hepatocellular carcinoma and potentiates expression of Stathmin1.
MicroRNA-23b mediates urokinase and c-met downmodulation and a decreased migration of human hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
MicroRNA-27a functions as an oncogene in gastric adenocarcinoma by targeting prohibitin.
MicroRNA-29 family reverts aberrant methylation in lung cancer by targeting DNA methyltransferases 3A and 3B.
MicroRNA-29c and microRNA-223 downregulation has in vivo significance in chronic lymphocytic leukemia and improves disease risk stratification.
MicroRNA-328 Negatively Regulates the Expression of Breast Cancer Resistance Protein (BCRP/ABCG2) in Human Cancer Cells.
MicroRNA-330 acts as tumor suppressor and induces apoptosis of prostate cancer cells through E2F1-mediated suppression of Akt phosphorylation.
MicroRNA-34a functions as a potential tumor suppressor by inducing apoptosis in Neuroblastoma cells.
MicroRNA-34a inhibits glioblastoma growth by targeting multiple oncogenes
MicroRNA-34a inhibits uveal melanoma cell proliferation and migration through downregulation of c-Met.
MicroRNA-34b and MicroRNA-34c are targets of p53 and cooperate in control of cell proliferation and adhesion-independent growth.
MicroRNA-373 (miR-373) post-transcriptionally regulates large tumor suppressor, homolog 2 (LATS2) and stimulates proliferation in human Esophageal Neoplasms.
microRNA-451 regulates macrophage migration inhibitory factor production and proliferation of gastrointestinal cancer cells.
MicroRNA-500 as a potential diagnostic marker for hepatocellular carcinoma
MicroRNA-661, a c/EBPalpha target, inhibits metastatic tumor antigen 1 and regulates its functions.
microRNA-7 inhibits the epidermal growth factor receptor and the Akt pathway and is down-regulated in glioblastoma.
MicroRNA-7, a homeobox D10 target, inhibits p21-activated kinase 1 and regulates its functions.
MicroRNA-9 inhibits ovarian cancer cell growth through regulation of NF-kappaB1.
MicroRNA-9 reduces cell invasion and E-cadherin secretion in SK-Hep-1 cell.
MicroRNA-dependent regulation of cKit in cutaneous melanoma.
MicroRNA-mediated inhibition of prostate-derived Ets factor messenger RNA translation affects prostate-derived Ets factor regulatory networks in human breast cancer.
MicroRNAs 143 and 145 are possible common onco-microRNAs in human cancers.
MicroRNAs and their potential for translation in prostate cancer.
MicroRNAs in plasma of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma patients as novel blood-based biomarkers of disease
MiR-107 and MiR-185 can induce cell cycle arrest in human non small cell lung cancer cell lines.
miR-122 targets an anti-apoptotic gene, Bcl-w, in human hepatocellular carcinoma cell lines.
MiR-122/cyclin G1 interaction modulates p53 activity and affects doxorubicin sensitivity of human hepatocarcinoma cells.
miR-124 and miR-137 inhibit proliferation of glioblastoma multiforme cells and induce differentiation of brain tumor stem cells.
miR-124 and miR-203 are epigenetically silenced tumor-suppressive microRNAs in hepatocellular carcinoma
MiR-128 up-regulation inhibits Reelin and DCX expression and reduces Neuroblastoma cell motility and invasiveness.
miR-128b is a potent glucocorticoid sensitizer in MLL-AF4 acute lymphocytic leukemia cells and exerts cooperative effects with miR-221
miR-15 and miR-16 induce apoptosis by targeting BCL2.
miR-15a and miR-16 are implicated in cell cycle regulation in a Rb-dependent manner and are frequently deleted or down-regulated in non-small cell lung cancer.
MiR-15a and miR-16-1 cluster functions in human leukemia.
miR-15b and miR-16 modulate multidrug resistance by targeting BCL2 in human gastric cancer cells.
Mir-17-5p regulates breast cancer cell proliferation by inhibiting translation of AIB1 mRNA.
miR-206 Expression is down-regulated in estrogen receptor alpha-positive human breast cancer.
MiR-21 indicates poor prognosis in tongue squamous cell carcinomas as an apoptosis inhibitor.
MiR-21 is an EGFR-regulated anti-apoptotic factor in lung cancer in never-smokers.
miR-21 microRNA expression in human gastric carcinomas and its clinical association.
miR-21 plays a pivotal role in gastric cancer pathogenesis and progression.
miR-21: an androgen receptor-regulated microRNA that promotes hormone-dependent and hormone-independent prostate cancer growth
miR-21-mediated tumor growth.
miR-22 inhibits estrogen signaling by directly targeting the estrogen receptor alpha mRNA.
miR-221 and miR-222 expression affects the proliferation potential of human prostate carcinoma cell lines by targeting p27Kip1.
MiR-221 controls CDKN1C/p57 and CDKN1B/p27 expression in human hepatocellular carcinoma.
mir-29 regulates Mcl-1 protein expression and apoptosis.
miR-296 regulates growth factor receptor overexpression in angiogenic endothelial cells.
miR-320 targets transferrin receptor 1 (CD71) and inhibits cell proliferation.
miR-34a inhibits migration and invasion by down-regulation of c-Met expression in human hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
miR-34b targets cyclic AMP-responsive element binding protein in acute myeloid leukemia.
miR-449a targets HDAC-1 and induces growth arrest in prostate cancer.
MIR-451 and Imatinib mesylate inhibit tumor growth of Glioblastoma stem cells.
miR-93, miR-98, and miR-197 regulate expression of tumor suppressor gene FUS1.
miRNA deregulation by epigenetic silencing disrupts suppression of the oncogene PLAG1 in chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
MiRNA expression in urothelial carcinomas: Important roles of miR-10a, miR-222,miR-125b, miR-7 and miR-452 for tumor stage and metastasis, and frequent homozygous losses of miR-31.
MiRNA-29a regulates the expression of numerous proteins and reduces the invasiveness and proliferation of human carcinoma cell lines
MYC stimulates EZH2 expression by repression of its negative regulator miR-26a.
MYC translocation-negative classical Burkitt lymphoma cases: an alternative pathogenetic mechanism involving miRNA deregulation.
MYCN regulates oncogenic MicroRNAs in Neuroblastoma.
NF-kappaB-dependent induction of microRNA miR-146, an inhibitor targeted to signaling proteins of innate immune responses.
NF-kappaB-YY1-miR-29 regulatory circuitry in skeletal myogenesis and rhabdomyosarcoma.
Oncogenic potential of the miR-106-363 cluster and its implication in human T-cell leukemia.
Oncogenic role of miR-17-92 cluster in anaplastic thyroid cancer cells.
Over- and under-expressed microRNAs in human Colorectal Neoplasms.
p53-mediated activation of miRNA34 candidate tumor-suppressor genes.
p53-Responsive micrornas 192 and 215 are capable of inducing cell cycle arrest.
PMID or Related Information
Polymorphic mature microRNAs from passenger strand of pre-miR-146a contribute to thyroid cancer.
Post-transcriptional regulation of mouse mu opioid receptor (MOR1) via its 3'untranslated region: a role for microRNA23b.
Pre-B cell proliferation and lymphoblastic leukemia/high-grade lymphoma in E(mu)-miR155 transgenic mice.
Profiling microRNA expression in hepatocellular carcinoma reveals microRNA-224 up-regulation and apoptosis inhibitor-5 as a microRNA-224-specific target.
Prognostic value of mature microRNA-21 and microRNA-205 overexpression in non-small cell lung cancer by quantitative real-time RT-PCR.
Prognostic Values of microRNAs in Colorectal Neoplasms.
Programmed cell death 4 (PDCD4) is an important functional target of the microRNA miR-21 in breast cancer cells.
Quantitative technologies establish a novel microRNA profile of chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Radiation modulation of microRNA in prostate cancer cell lines.
RAS is regulated by the let-7 microRNA family.
Real-time expression profiling of microRNA precursors in human cancer cell lines.
Reduced accumulation of specific microRNAs in colorectal neoplasia.
Reduced expression of the let-7 microRNAs in human lung cancers in association with shortened postoperative survival.
Regulation of cyclin dependent kinase 6 by microRNA 124 in medulloblastoma.
Regulation of epidermal growth factor receptor signaling in human cancer cells by microRNA-7.
Regulation of IKKbeta by miR-199a affects NF-kappaB activity in ovarian cancer cells.
Regulation of miR-200 family microRNAs and ZEB transcription factors in ovarian cancer: Evidence supporting a mesothelial-to-epithelial transition
Regulation of p27Kip1 by miRNA 221/222 in glioblastoma.
Regulation of pri-microRNA BIC transcription and processing in Burkitt lymphoma.
Regulation of RUNX3 Tumor Suppressor Gene Expression in Cutaneous Melanoma.
Regulation of the cell cycle gene, BTG2, by miR-21 in human Laryngeal Neoplasms.
Restoration of tumour suppressor hsa-miR-145 inhibits cancer cell growth in lung  adenocarcinoma patients with epidermal growth factor receptor mutation.
Retinoic Acid Receptor Antagonists Inhibit miR-10a Expression and Block Metastatic Behavior of Pancreatic Neoplasms
Role of microRNA-143 in Fas-mediated apoptosis in human T-cell leukemia Jurkat cells.
Role of microRNA-155 at early stages of hepatocarcinogenesis induced by choline-deficient and amino acid-defined diet in C57BL/6 mice.
Role of miR-143 targeting KRAS in colorectal tumorigenesis.
Role of the miR-106b-25 microRNA cluster in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Roles for microRNAs, miR-93 and miR-130b, and tumor protein 53-induced nuclear protein 1 tumor suppressor in cell growth dysregulation by human T-cell lymphotrophic virus 1.
Significance of Plk1 regulation by miR-100 in human nasopharyngeal cancer
Small RNAs analysis in CLL reveals a deregulation of miRNA expression and novel miRNA candidates of putative relevance in CLL pathogenesis.
Specific activation of microRNA106b enables the p73 apoptotic response in chronic lymphocytic leukemia by targeting the ubiquitin ligase, Itch for degradation.
Specific activation of microRNA-127 with downregulation of the proto-oncogene BCL6 by chromatin-modifying drugs in human cancer cells.
Specific expression of miR-17-5p and miR-127 in testicular and central nervous system diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
Specific microRNAs are downregulated in human thyroid anaplastic carcinomas.
Suppression of non-small cell lung tumor development by the let-7 microRNA family.
Systemic Delivery of Synthetic MicroRNA-16 Inhibits the Growth of Metastatic Prostate Tumors via Downregulation of Multiple Cell-cycle Genes
Tcl1 expression in chronic lymphocytic leukemia is regulated by miR-29 and miR-181.
The cell growth suppressor, mir-126, targets IRS-1.
The c-myb proto-oncogene and microRNA-15a comprise an active autoregulatory feedback loop in human hematopoietic cells.
The epidermal growth factor receptor responsive miR-125a represses mesenchymal morphology in ovarian cancer cells
The expression profile of microRNAs in a model of
The human let-7a-3 locus contains an epigenetically regulated microRNA gene with oncogenic function.
The interplay between microRNAs and the neurotrophin receptor tropomyosin-related kinase C controls proliferation of human Neuroblastoma cells.
The let-7 microRNA represses cell proliferation pathways in human cells.
The micro-ribonucleic acid (miRNA) miR-206 targets the human estrogen receptor-alpha (ERalpha) and represses ERalpha messenger RNA and protein expression in breast cancer cell lines.
The MicroRNA let-7a modulates interleukin-6-dependent STAT-3 survival signaling in malignant human cholangiocytes.
The microRNAs miR-373 and miR-520c promote tumour invasion and metastasis.
The miR-15a-miR-16-1 cluster controls prostate cancer by targeting multiple oncogenic activities.
The miR-17/92 polycistron is up-regulated in sonic hedgehog-driven medulloblastomas and induced by N-myc in sonic hedgehog-treated cerebellar neural precursors.
The miR-17~92 cluster collaborates with the Sonic Hedgehog pathway in medulloblastoma.
The miR-18a* microRNA functions as a potential tumor suppressor by targeting on K-Ras.
The miR-200 family and miR-205 regulate epithelial to mesenchymal transition by targeting ZEB1 and SIP1.
The miR-200 family inhibits epithelial-mesenchymal transition and cancer cell migration by direct targeting of E-cadherin transcriptional repressors ZEB1 and ZEB2.
The muscle-specific microRNA miR-206 blocks human rhabdomyosarcoma growth in
The MYCN oncogene is a direct target of miR-34a.
The noncoding RNA, miR-126, suppresses the growth of neoplastic cells by targeting phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase signaling and is frequently lost in colon cancers.
The oncogenic microRNA-27a targets genes that regulate specificity protein transcription factors and the G2-M checkpoint in MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells.
The promyelocytic leukemia zinc finger-microRNA-221/-222 pathway controls melanoma progression through multiple oncogenic mechanisms.
The PTEN-regulating microRNA miR-26a is amplified in high-grade Glioma and facilitates Gliomagenesis in vivo.
The putative tumor suppressor microRNA-101 modulates the cancer epigenome by repressing the polycomb group protein EZH2.
The role of microRNA and other non-coding RNA in the pathogenesis of chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
The role of microRNA expression pattern in human intrahepatic Cholangiocarcinoma.
The role of microRNA-221 and microRNA-222 in androgen-independent prostate cancer
The tumor suppressor microRNA let-7 represses the HMGA2 oncogene.
Therapeutic microRNA delivery suppresses tumorigenesis in a murine liver cancer model.
Transactivation of miR-34a by p53 broadly influences gene expression and promotes apoptosis.
Transcriptional repression of microRNA genes by PML-RARA increases expression of  key cancer proteins in acute promyelocytic leukemia.
Truncation in CCND1 mRNA alters miR-16-1 regulation in mantle cell lymphoma.
Tumor protein 53-induced nuclear protein 1 expression is repressed by miR-155, and its restoration inhibits pancreatic tumor development.
Tumor-suppressive miR-34a induces senescence-like growth arrest through modulation of the E2F pathway in human colon cancer cells.
Tumour invasion and metastasis initiated by microRNA-10b in breast cancer.
Unique microRNA molecular profiles in lung cancer diagnosis and prognosis.
Up-regulated microRNA-143 transcribed by nuclear factor kappa B enhances hepatocarcinoma metastasis by repressing fibronectin expression.
Up-regulation of microRNA in bladder tumor tissue is not common.
Up-regulation of micro-RNA-221 (miRNA-221; chr Xp11.3) and caspase-3 accompanies down-regulation of the survivin-1 homolog BIRC1 (NAIP) in glioblastoma multiforme(GBM).
Up-regulation of miR-21 by HER2/neu Signaling Promotes Cell Invasion.
Upregulation of miR-23a approximately 27a approximately 24 decreases transforming growth factor-beta-induced tumor-suppressive activities in human hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
Widespread deregulation of microRNA expression in human prostate cancer.
Widespread estrogen-dependent repression of micrornas involved in breast tumor cell growth
Xenoestrogen-Induced Epigenetic Repression of microRNA-9-3 in Breast Epithelial Cells.